DRP

 

R.J.Reynolds Tobacco Company

Wirstopre Sain NC 27102

et

INTEROFFICE CORRESPONDENCE Ol yess

TO:

RE:

RR

June 27, 1985
CONFIDENTIAL
Dr. G. R. DiMarco

Weekly Highlights - Biochemical/Biobehavioral
For Week of June 17-21, 1985

ITEMS FOR WEEKLY BRIEF:

Biobehavioral Research

Human Smoking Behavior - Tests of the human mimic smoking

machine with data "corrected" mathematically to adjust for
mechanical distortions have shown improvement in machine per-
formance. Visual examination of puff shapes indicate that
good replication can be achieved. Goodness of fit of repli-
cated flow rate profiles to actual human profiles has
improved by 50% over the data obtained from the previous cor-
rection method. Replicated puff volumes and durations are
within 3 to 5% of desired values. The major step to be com-
pleted prior to beginning smoke regeneration work is the
installation of the mathematical correction procedure on the
HP-1000 computer system.

A two-liter syringe required for accurate calibration of the
Respitrace inhalation monitor was modified by the machine
shop to provide a demountable, leak tight seal to the
spirometer. Modifications to software used to control the
inhalation monitor have been made which enable th syn-
chronization of data acquisition from both breaths (by means
of the Respitrace) and puffs (by means of the HP-1000 puff-
profiling system). Once modification of the puff-profile
software to provide for triggering of the Respitrace is com-
pleted, data from both breaths and puffs can be acquired
Simultaneously.

b97T TOTTS